Question 1: Commands and Explanation

1. cd ~/Graded-Lab-Modules-5-10/Question1
I changed into the Question1 folder so that all the files and folders I created would be saved in the correct location.

2. mkdir submissions unique_backup screenshots
I created three folders to keep the assignment organized. Each folder is used for a different purpose, such as submissions, backups, and screenshots.

3. echo "Operating Systems Assignment by Student A" > submissions/studentA.txt
I created the file studentA.txt and added the assignment text to it. The > operator writes the text into the file.

4. echo "Linux Shell Assignment by Student B" > submissions/studentB.txt
I created another text file for Student B and stored the given assignment content in it.

5. cp submissions/studentA.txt submissions/studentC.txt
I copied studentA.txt to create studentC.txt. This gave Student C a file with the same contents as Student A’s file.

6. echo "Process Management Assignment by Student D" > submissions/studentD.txt
I created studentD.txt and wrote the required assignment text into the file.

7. cp submissions/studentB.txt submissions/studentE.txt
I made a copy of studentB.txt and saved it as studentE.txt. Both files contain the same information.

8. ls -l submissions
I listed all the files in the submissions folder with detailed information such as permissions, size, and modification date. This helped me confirm that the files were created successfully.

9. nano duplicate_backup.sh
I opened the Nano text editor to create and edit the shell script that would perform the backup task.

10. bash -n duplicate_backup.sh
I checked the script for any syntax errors before running it. This helped make sure the script was written correctly.

11. chmod +x duplicate_backup.sh
I gave the script execute permission so that it could be run directly from the terminal.

12. ./duplicate_backup.sh | tee output.txt
I ran the script and saved its output to output.txt while also displaying the output on the terminal. This allowed me to view and save the results at the same time.

13. cat report.txt
I displayed the contents of report.txt to verify that the script generated the expected report.

14. ls -l unique_backup
I viewed the contents of the unique_backup folder to confirm that the backup files had been created successfully.

15. cat errors.log
I checked the errors.log file to see if any errors were recorded while the script was running.

16. nano commands.txt
I opened commands.txt to record all the commands I used during the lab.

17. nano explanations.txt
I opened explanations.txt so I could write a brief explanation for each command used in the assignment.
